Your Majesty, the Dragon Temple must live up to its mission
The prince has transported holy relics in Qin these years
Work hard
Shinai is a model for princes
I have also decided to reward you
Prince, what do you wish for?
Reply to the emperor
The son does have a wish
May as well come to the son
It has been a long time since the late Qing Dynasty lost a daughter
Ask the father to grant marriage to the bereaved daughter
Oh Prince Jade Dragon Girl
A match made in heaven!
I heard that the two are very close
And the same door is perfect
It turned out to be a good story in the future
Well, you have both heart and Sonning
I will decide to marry you
But I also have to ask Sangning what he means.
Sunning
Are you willing to drive?
Make this a princess?